Dear Editor, 

I am sending you a copy of my latest manuscript, entitled "Ellicular galaxies and their (non over-massive) black holes".
The manuscript presents the need for introducing a new class (Ellicular) in the morphological classification scheme of early-type galaxies. 
Ellicular galaxies are different from lenticular galaxies in the sense that they have intermediate-scale, rather than large-scale, discs. 
Over the past 3 years of my PhD, I had the chance to talk to many astronomers whose main area of expertise is bulge/disc decomposition 
of galaxies, and realized that the majority of them consider intermediate-scale discs (see Figure 1 in the manuscript) as something unphysical. 
This bias seems to always be in the back of their minds when they are modeling galaxies, although it's not easy to track down in the literature. 
Beside galaxy modelers, the manuscript is also addressed to anyone interested in supermassive black holes 
or the evolution of high-redshift compact massive quiescent galaxies. 
These are two hot topics of today's Astronomy, thus I feel that the manuscript should have the broadest possible visibility, 
as that provided by MNRAS. 

During the submission process, I indicated a list of non-preferred referees for this manuscript. 
They are some of the authors of the papers Rusli et al. (2011), van den Bosch et al. (2012), Lasker et al. (2014), Walsh et al. (2015), 
Yildirim et al. (2015) and Ferre-Mateu et al. (2015). 
I kindly ask you not to disclose our work to these authors, as they surely represent competitors for us. 
In addition to them, I also indicated the members of the Nuker team as non-preferred referees. 
This is because in the past there have been tensions between our group and the Nuker team, due to a dibate about the introduction of the 
core-Sersic model over the Nuker model. 

I hope you enjoy the reading.

Sincerely, 
Giulia Savorgnan
Centre for Astrophysics & Supercomputing
Swinburne University of Technology
H29, PO Box 218,
Hawthorn, Victoria 3122, Australia 
E: gsavorgn@astro.swin.edu.au
T: +61 (0)3 9214 5622
